### Class
1. A java class is a blueprint (idea) of an object 
2. Syntax 
```java 
<access modifier> class <className> {

}
```
3. Types - 2 types 
	Predefined - always starts with CAPITAL letter.
	User-defined - 

#interview 
1. Can we create an empty java file and compile and run it? 
	1. can we create empty java file? - Yes
	2. compiled without error but .class file not generated as there is not class in the file. 
	3. So we cannot run the empty java file as there is no .class file
2. Can we create an empty java class and compile and run it?
	1. can we create empty java file? - Yes
	2. compiled without error, .Class file got generated with same name as class name 
	3. but we cannot run it as there is no main method in the class as the class is empty
3. Is it mandatory that java class name and File name should be the same. 
	1. it is mandatory if the class is declared public 
	2. it is not mandatory if the class is not defined as public 
	3. but it is good practice to have the filename and class name same 
4. What are user defined Classes/ Methods and Pre Defined Classes/Methods?
	1. a java method will be executed only whenever we are calling it
5. Does jvm executes user define methods automatically?
	1. no we need to call the method with respective class object
6. how many user defined methods we can write in a class and what is the order of their execution? 
	1. we can write any no of methods in a class 
	2. first the main method will be executed and then the methods will be executed in the order we call it.
7. How can we call the user defined methods present in class?
	1. to call User-defined methods we need to create its respective class object. we can create the object with new keyword and initialize it with its constructor the constructor name is same as class name.